Added details on repos (#3)
ME-ICA/me-ica.github.io: docs/index.md

# A Collection of fMRI Tools

This site provides a landing page to summarize resources within the ME-ICA organization.

!!! note
    ME-ICA was originally created specifically for the ``tedana`` library,
    which uses independent components analysis (ICA) on multi-echo (ME) fMRI
    data. As part of development, we built tools that work with ``tedana``
    but may also have stand-alone uses for processing and visualizing fMRI
    data that is not multi-echo. While the "ME-ICA" may not accurately
    describe all these tools, we have chosen to keep it for now because we're
    used to it.

## tedana

[tedana][] TE Dependant ANAlysis. Calculates echo dependance of each ICA component and denoises data by removing components that are unlikely to contain BOLD signal.

## rica

[rica][] Reports for ICA. An app to visualize ICA components and perform manual classification in an interactive way. This could work on any component maps of

> fMRI data. It currently expects some files that are outputted by ``tedana``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fMRI data. It currently expects some files that are output from ``tedana``
```

but similar files could be generated by other programs or addition input
options could be added to ``rica``

## mapca

[mapca][] Moving Average Principal Components Analysis. This started as a
Python port of the dimensionality reduction technique described in
[Li et al 2007][MAPCAref] and used in [GIFT][].

## ddmra

[ddmra][] is a Python package for performing distance-dependent motion-related
artifact analyses. This is modeled after the analyses performed in
[Power et al 2018][Powerref]

## me-ica

[meica][] The package that started it all. This is a clone of the multi-echo denoising code by Prantik Kundu that ``tedana`` is based on. It is no longer maintained, and only runs on Python 2.7. It may be useful as a reference to to replicate past work, but we
recommend people use ``tedana`` instead of this.

# Works in progress

> We welcome contributors, but there are not ready for general use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We welcome contributors, but these tools are not ready for general use.
```
